# Proposal
## Propose product name, company name, medicinal ingredients, claim and NPN
The proposer first classifies each word into its respective meaning. After that it groups the words per image and then proposes the more likely group of words based on the assumptions listed below.
The proposal step cleans up the classifier's results and also considers the exact word matches from the vocabulary as a second filter. The text classifier identifies the purpose of each text in the image. The phrase may describe a product name, company name, medicinal ingredients, claim or NPN, for example. The classifier may predict that a whole group of words do not fall into a category of interest; if, however, a certain part of the words exist in a category's vocabulary, we propose those words as that category's content. If multiple categories use those words under their vocabulary, we consider bigrams where two words are used together to produce a phrase of the category's entry.
Product descriptions span over multiple images with a common pattern. The pattern is assumed in order to propose the final batch of words under each class. NPN numbers and product names are usually together on the front page. If no NPN is found then all product name proposals are considered. Product names are bigger on average than other text within the page. Ingredients are grouped together to a list in a page. Ingredients usually precede the measurement. We propose ingredients from a single page with the most ingredient words and measurements. Company names' locations, on the other hand, are hard to assume. They may be on the front page, but the full company names may be on any side of the image; font sizes may differ. Thus we propose all likely company names.
Proposers are merely proposers. Users will need to go through the list and filter out incorrect suggestions. If the image is slanted, the words may not be displayed in order because the words are recognized top bottom and only left to right when the words are in the same line. Ordering the words is left as a future step.

The claim proposal mechanism goes word by word, first checking if that word was classified as a claim, if so, the word is saved and once a word is no longer a claim, all prior words (if all are claims) become one claim proposal. Thus, each “group” of claim words are proposed as one claim. We are assuming that once the graph shows a non-claim word, the group of words are no longer identified as a claim. For instance, if we have the following group of words: “helps”, “support”, “healthy”, “skin”, “bio-pharma”, “inc”, “helps”, “the”, “immune”, “system”. The claim proposal mechanism will identify “helps support healthy skin” and “helps the immune system” as claims. The words “bio-pharma” and “inc” are not claim words, thus they act as a break between the two claims.